Add a simple document about the format of the BM file (#1444)
openstack-k8s-operators/ci-framework: docs/source/baremetal/01_baremetal_hosts_data.md

# Baremetal hosts information

In order to make the framework aware of the existence of external
baremetal nodes that should be taken into consideration the user should
provide details about those nodes.

~~~{tip}

> For fully virtualized environments the framework takes care of automatically
> generating these details for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For fully virtualized environments the framework automatically
generates these details for the user.
```
